you ready to party
it's not really a party not important
let's do it we didn't really mention
this on monday for
some reason but amd and intel both
launched their flagship high-end desktop
or hedt cpus this week they did it on
monday interestingly the embargo for
reviews of intel's chip ended at
midnight on sunday six hours before
amd's embargo expired monday morning
perhaps because they knew that their 18
core core i9 10 980 xe wasn't going to
look so good against amd's thread ripper
3960x and 3970x with 24 and 32 cores
respect linus let loose a
solid rant in his review on linus tech
tips uh he was really upset always fun
to watch
anyways the story is pretty similar to
the one we've been telling for the past
year or so amd's multi-core chips are
getting so good it's getting pretty hard
to justify buying intel i mean we should
have seen this coming it's called thread
ripper not thread
friendship thread get along no thread
fatality
in january nvidia finally caved and
opened up its g-sync ecosystem a bit by
certifying select free sync monitors as
g-sync compatible allowing owners of
g-force graphics cards to use the
variable refresh rate technology on
previously unsupported displays since
then the list of compatible models has
grown steadily but now nvidia is ready
to open up its heart even more
so much progress team green has
announced that future g-sync monitors
will support both variable refresh rate
over hdmi and adaptive sync the
technology that freesync is based on
over a displayport apparently this
capability will now only be available in
new g-sync monitors not existing ones
but still once this change rolls out
it'll allow owners of amd graphics cards
and consoles to experience vrr on both
freesync and g-sync monitors meaning the
whole competing closed ecosystem of
g-stink versus freesync will be over
do the thing like from episode star wars
episode one
peace what part is that
[Music]
you know
anyways
i don't make it past energy beam hallway
and europe has gone and done it again
they've run out of internet ip addresses
the non-profit foundation that allocates
ip addresses rousseau ip europeanus or
ripe actually serves europe the middle
east and parts of central asia and
they've warned against this outcome for
a while now there's a limited amount
about 4.2 billion of possible ipv4
addresses which is the current
mainstream standard if internet service
providers switch to ipv6 there could be
340 undecillion addresses available
that's a 10 followed by 36 or 66 zeros
depending on where you live the point is
more
it's more okay now it's time for the
quick bits brought to you by privacy.com
the free service that thinks credit card
numbers are like children they're
innocent should be protected you know
who's not innocent the bad guy is trying
to steal your credit card number privacy
generates virtual card numbers that
masks your real information with a free
personal plan you can create up to 12
cards a month privacy just launched two
paid versions for 10 bucks a month the
pro plan gives you one percent cash back
on all purchases and up to 36 cards a
month with more security and privacy
features as well the team's plan is for
25 bucks a month and is for small
business owners and team leaders it
gives you everything in the pro plan
plus dedicated account management access
to 60 cards a month and customized
transaction limits privacy is super easy
to set up and you can get five bucks if
you sign up today at privacy.com forward
slash techlink so better do that check
them out there or at the link below
amazon's voice assistant a-l-e-x-a is
going to show up in even more internet
of things type devices soon and she'll
also be able to express more emotion and
one day we will be lovers programmers
developing for alexa can now have the
assistant sound happy or disappointed
depending on the context so even if
she's saying something depressing
i'm playing a single hand in what looks
like a losing game and for a while you
can forget that life is pain
speaking of creepy amazon moves the web
giant has stopped a product sampling
program that sent customers free
products recommended by a machine
learning program based on their
purchased history i can already guess
why the access program it's nice getting
gifts from people you know but it's kind
of weird getting a gift from a robot
you've never met before because it's
been watching your every move
after a member of ford's r d team
challenged elon tusk to a ford versus
cyber truck rematch and elon agreed ford
the company has backed out of the
contest
wimps a spokesperson said ford has
always focused on serving our truck
customers regardless of what others say
or do
oh
that may have been a subtle dig at
elon's uh constant tweeting but it still
makes them look a little
bit ford chicken
that joke was built forward rough
new york
they're set to be the latest american
city to ban vape products that aren't
strictly tobacco-flavored as city
council passed a bill to that effect
yesterday i mean it kind of makes sense
the only legal flavors of regular
cigarettes in the states are tobacco and
menthol but it definitely makes being
part of the vape niche a little less
wild you know
like
and the latest target demographic for
virtual reality
cows sorry what yeah a farm in russia
gave its dairy cows vr headsets that
place them in a sunny grassy field
instead of their real cold
gray russian reality in an attempt to
reduce their anxiety and therefore
produce better and more milk but i don't
think they knew what they were doing
it's only a matter of time before we're
looking at the first bovine beet saver
champion it's gonna happen they're
taking over would they hold it like this
or like this six
okay
it's only a matter of time before this
episode ended on a weird conceptual joke
uh but we got there come back on friday
and have more and better uh hey
tech news
we'll be in vr the whole time
that's all you know the mood tricks
[Music]